OCPBUGS#57365: Documented IPSec node reboots (#94844)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/network_security/configuring-ipsec-ovn.adoc

IPsec is disabled by default. You can enable IPsec either during or after installing the cluster. For information about cluster installation, see xref:../../installing/overview/index.adoc#ocp-installation-overview[{product-title} installation overview].

[NOTE]
====

> Upgrading your cluster to {product-title} {product-version} when the `libreswan` and `NetworkManager-libreswan` packages differ between {product-title} versions leads to two consecutive compute node reboot operations. For the first reboot, the Cluster Network Operator (CNO) applies the IPsec configuration to compute nodes. For the second reboot, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) applies the latest machine configs to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading your cluster to {product-title} {product-version} when the `libreswan` and `NetworkManager-libreswan` packages have different {product-title} versions causes two consecutive compute node reboot operations. For the first reboot, the Cluster Network Operator (CNO) applies the IPsec configuration to compute nodes. For the second reboot, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) applies the latest machine configs to the cluster.
```
Suggestion to tighten up the verbiage.

Before upgrading your cluster, set the `paused` parameter to `true` in the `MachineConfigPools` custom resource (CR) that groups compute nodes. After you upgrade your cluster, set the parameter to `false`. This configurations workflow combines CNO and MCO updates into a single node reboot. For more information, see xref:../../updating/updating_a_cluster/control-plane-only-update.adoc#control-plane-only-update[Performing a Control Plane Only update].

> ====

Reviewer: To make this clearer, you might want to add the second to last sentence after the first, and then make the two steps into a short two-step procedure to make a little easier to parse.

IPsec is disabled by default. You can enable IPsec either during or after installing the cluster. For information about cluster installation, see xref:../../installing/overview/index.adoc#ocp-installation-overview[{product-title} installation overview].

[NOTE]
====
Upgrading your cluster to {product-title} {product-version} when the `libreswan` and `NetworkManager-libreswan` packages differ between {product-title} versions leads to two consecutive compute node reboot operations. For the first reboot, the Cluster Network Operator (CNO) applies the IPsec configuration to compute nodes. For the second reboot, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) applies the latest machine configs to the cluster.

> Before upgrading your cluster, set the `paused` parameter to `true` in the `MachineConfigPools` custom resource (CR) that groups compute nodes as demonstrated with the following command:

Reviewer 2: you could mention user can follow control-plane-only-update method as described here https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html/updating_clusters/performing-a-cluster-update#control-plane-only-update.
